..
   SPDX-FileCopyrightText: (c) 2016-2019, 2021 ale5000
   SPDX-License-Identifier: GPL-3.0-or-later
   SPDX-FileType: DOCUMENTATION

===================
License declaration
===================

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see https://www.gnu.org/licenses/.


microG unofficial installer zip exception
=========================================

This microG unofficial installer GPLv3 licensed scripts exception ("Exception") is an additional
permission under section 7 of the GNU General Public License, version 3 ("GPLv3").
It applies to a given file (the "GPLv3 licensed scripts") that bears a notice placed by the
copyright holder of the file stating that the file is governed by GPLv3 along with this Exception.

When you use microG unofficial installer to compile an installable zip,
it combines portions of GPLv3 licensed scripts in this zip.
The purpose of this Exception is to allow generation of non-GPL zips,
in this way, these scripts are covered by this Exception.

0. Definitions.
---------------
A file is an "Independent Module" if it either requires the GPLv3 licensed scripts for execution
or installation after a Compilation Process, or makes use of an interface provided
by the GPLv3 licensed scripts, but is not otherwise based on these GPLv3 scripts.

"microG unofficial installer" means a version of The microG unofficial installer Project, with
or without modifications, governed by version 3 (or a specified later version) of the
GNU General Public License (GPL) with the option of using any subsequent versions published by the FSF.

"GPL-compatible Software" is software whose conditions of propagation,
modification and use would permit combination with microG unofficial installer in accord with
the license of microG unofficial installer.

"Installable zip" refers to output from any scripts that can be executed on Android compatible devices.
Notwithstanding that, "Installable zip" does not include data in any format that is used as
an intermediate representation, or used for producing an intermediate representation.

The "Compilation Process" transforms code entirely represented in non-intermediate languages
designed for human-written code, into an Installable Zip.

A Compilation Process is "Eligible" if it is done using microG unofficial installer,
alone or with other GPL-compatible software, or if it is done without using any work
based on microG unofficial installer.
For example, using non-GPL-compatible Software to optimize any microG unofficial installer
intermediate representations would not qualify as an Eligible Compilation Process.

1. Grant of Additional Permission.
----------------------------------
You have permission to propagate a work of installable zip formed
by combining the GPLv3 licensed scripts with Independent Modules,
even if such propagation would otherwise violate the terms of GPLv3,
provided that all in the installable zip was generated by Eligible Compilation Processes.
You may then convey such a combination under terms of your choice,
consistent with the licensing of the Independent Modules.

2. Applicability of GPLv3 copyleft is retained on the GPLv3 licensed scripts.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Any file within the installable zip that is part of the GPLv3 licensed scripts,
is in itself still licensed as GPLv3 and retains its copyleft permissions.
It is to be treated as an "aggregate" as specified in the GPLv3.

3. No Weakening of microG unofficial installer Copyleft.
--------------------------------------------------------
The availability of this Exception does not imply any general presumption that third-party software
is unaffected by the copyleft requirements of the license of microG unofficial installer.
